Nikki Haley says U.S. is now respected. Some say, Keep on tryin'
Mystery of missing writer exposes rift between two powerful U.S. allies
Pope compares abortion to hiring a hit man to solve problems
Deadly flash floods hit Spanish island of Mallorca
Bangkok's Banksy is a Headache for Thai junta
Bakery didn't discriminate in 'gay cake' case, U.K. court rules
Screenshots show Khashoggi did not see text messages after entering Saudi consulate
Biden predicts Dems will win 40 House seats, take back Senate
Wife of missing Interpol president says she was threatened
Congolese gynecologist and Islamic State abuse survivor win Nobel Peace Prize
Bulgaria detains Romanian over rape, murder of investigative journalist
These schools teach boys to be like girls, and girls to be like boys
Drone video captures devastation left by Indonesia tsunami
Female surfer sets world record by riding 68-foot wave
Deported parents may lose kids to adoption, investigation finds
American student detained in Israel for alleged boycott support
Zookeeper in Japan mauled to death by rare white tiger
Romania aims to legalize same-sex civil unions after failed marriage vote
U.K. spy poisoning suspect works for Russian intelligence, report says
Missing Saudi writer deeply afraid of country's crown prince, friends say
Video shows moment 20-foot tsunami wave strikes Indonesian town
Widow of American killed in London terror attack feels 'sorry' for husband's killer
Dozens feared dead after waiting 36 hours for rescue 'not far' from beach
China orders 'X-Men' actress who vanished to pay $130M in taxes, fines
U.N. court orders Trump administration to lift some Iran sanctions
'Jailbreak king' who escaped in hijacked helicopter is captured in France
Volcano erupts on island devastated by earthquake, tsunami
Washington Post writer critical of Saudi crown prince disappears
Stranded Syrian is arrested after living in airport for 7 months
Turkey seeks help from Wall Street despite 'economic war' with U.S.
Kim Jong Un has at least 20 nuclear weapons, South Korea says
Five decades of two-party rule just ended in Quebec
Iran targets missiles at Syria, but message is aimed at U.S. and its allies
'Nightmarish' scale of quake, tsunami emerges as Indonesia death toll hits 1,234
Chinese warship sails within 45 yards of Navy destroyer
Brexit is just six months away. And nobody is happy.
Vote fails to end decades-old dispute over Macedonia's name
Survivors pulled from debris after deadly Indonesian earthquake, tsunami
New video of Micronesia plane crash
Venezuela's economic meltdown makes money worth less by the minute
Architect of two-state solution isn't buying Trump's peace push
Turkey vows to conduct 'operations' against enemies on U.S. soil
Trump at UN claims China is attempting to interfere in U.S. elections
Proposed circumcision ban rattles Jews, Muslims in Iceland
Trump addresses U.N., brags about his accomplishments, draws derisive laughter
Iran terrorist attack shows opponents see 'unique opportunity,' experts say
Russia tests supersonic anti-ship missiles
Trump's 'attempted economic assassination' hits Turks, helps Erdogan
Teen rescued after surviving 49 days adrift in Pacific Ocean
Extended interview: Iranian President Hassan Rouhani
Young Catholics shun modern life, embrace religion in U.K.
He risked his life playing 'The Game': A migrant's harrowing journey to the West
New Zealand’s prime minister talks about being a new mom and world leader
Russian warplanes carry out bombing drills in Baltic Sea
China warns U.S. to withdraw new sanctions or 'bear the consequences'
Turkey is building more prisons for Erdogan's opponents
As Israel moves right, young American Jews target Birthright tours in protest
Is one drink too many? Ireland to offer alcohol tests to pregnant women
Bees are dying at an alarming rate. Amsterdam may have the answer.
515,000 kids face school closures after U.S. axes Palestinian funding
China jumpstarts trade with North Korea, undercutting the U.S.
How Europe is plotting to skirt Trump's sanctions on Iran
Trump admin makes it harder for Christian refugees to enter U.S.
Talks with North Korea are going well — just not Trump's
Would-be assassins who poisoned ex-spy will likely escape justice
A British wartime fortress prepares for Brexit gridlock
U.S. veterans use archaeology to dig through trauma
China spends big to avert a crisis when the Dalai Lama dies
Inside the tunnels used by Syrian rebels amid civil war
Trump admin may send captured ISIS fighters to Iraq prison, Guantanamo
Nuclear-armed Pakistan pivots toward Putin as U.S. ties fray
Joy, and heartbreak, as Korean families reunited after 68 years
Thousands of Syrians return to war-torn city of Aleppo
The 19th Guardian of the Pine: a famous Chinese tree and its bodyguard
Trump eyes Erik Prince plan to privatize U.S. war in Afghanistan
Behind the smile: The descendants of the real Mona Lisa
Reality TV show gets participants to 'live like refugees'
Circle of life or experiment gone wrong? Horse slaughter divides the Netherlands
Reconstruction is in full swing in war-ravaged Aleppo
China's most famous tree is in danger of being 'loved to death'
When is a German not a German? Identity re-emerges as a thorny issue
Muses for 'Mona Lisa' and 'Venus' inspire descendants centuries later
Putin-backed troops quietly move a border on the fringes of Europe
Meet the many descendants of Renaissance master Caravaggio
Civil war destroyed their homes. These refugees are learning how to rebuild them.
Pub tycoon pushes Brexit alongside pints
Sedated babies, code words: Inside Europe's people-smuggling networks
After 500 years, a clue to who inspired Botticelli's ‘Birth of Venus’
Menstruating women often face banishment in India. Meghan Markle wants that to end.
A NASA scientist is behind bars in Turkey. But Trump isn't tweeting about it.
Tea, cookies and perhaps peace: Taliban claims secret talks with U.S.
Why protesters put their lives on the line by approaching Gaza fence
Secret police files reopen old wounds decades after dictatorship crumbled
An island nation in the Mediterranean Sea is running dry
Migrant rescue ship's ordeal exposes hardening views as populism blossoms
Wives of ISIS militants file for divorce, try to start over
Iceland is for gun lovers (but nobody gets shot)
Holy Land Christians feel abandoned by U.S. evangelicals
The world's spying capital tilts toward Putin's Russia
After 500 years, a clue to who inspired Botticelli's ‘Birth of Venus’
A teen walked 4,000 miles to reach the West. He's turned to sex to survive.
Anti-migrant mayor's message to Trump: Border barrier 'saved my town'
Anti-Semitism is back in the open in Germany
Gun-loving Iceland hasn't had a shooting murder in more than a decade
An Olympic baseball diamond was home. Now it's a memory.
Trump's 'deal of the century' can't escape America's past Mideast failures
Sweden has 65,000 bunkers. A 'wake-up call' from Russia means it's building more.
